feat: void element tags in helpers are selectable between `>` and `/>` (#6717)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.3.0.rst

Others
------

> - Now ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper`` has been changed to appear void element with valid html5 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now ``form_helper``, ``html_helper`` and common functions have been changed to appear void HTML elements (e.g. ``<input>``) with valid HTML5 by default.
```

Helpers and Functions
=====================

> - Now ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper`` used dynamic endline htmltag output by setting ``xhtml`` in **app/Config/DocTypes.php**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Creation of void HTML elements like ``<input>`` via ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper`` can be configured to exclude
or not the solidus character (``/``) before the right angle bracket (``>``) by setting the ``$html5`` property in
**app/Config/DocTypes.php** to ``true``.
```

Helpers and Functions
=====================

> - Creation of void HTML elements like ``<input>`` via ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper`` can be configured to exclude

Reviewer: Please add about "common functions".

Helpers and Functions
=====================

> - Creation of void HTML elements like ``<input>`` via ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper`` can be configured to exclude

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creation of void HTML elements like ``<input>`` via ``form_helper``, ``html_helper`` or common functions can be configured to exclude
```

> - Creation of void HTML elements like ``<input>`` via ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper`` can be configured to exclude
>   or not the solidus character (``/``) before the right angle bracket (``>``) by setting the ``$html5`` property in
>   **app/Config/DocTypes.php** to ``true``. :php:func:`solidus()` in common function can only use for ``form_helper`` and ``html_helper``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creation of void HTML elements like ``<input>`` via ``form_helper``, ``html_helper`` or common functions can be configured to exclude
  or not the solidus character (``/``) before the right angle bracket (``>``) by setting the ``$html5`` property in
  **app/Config/DocTypes.php** to ``true``.
```

Author: Done
